docs: API examples (#5499)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/API-Reference/api-reference-api-examples.md

---
title: API examples
slug: /api-reference-api-examples
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

This page provides examples and practices for managing Langflow using the Langflow API.

The Langflow API's OpenAPI spec can be viewed and tested at your Langflow deployment's `docs` endpoint.
For example, `http://127.0.0.1:7860/docs`.

## Export values (optional)

You might find it helpful to set the following environment variables:

> 1. Export your Langflow URL in your terminal.

Reviewer: Do these items need to be completed in sequential order? If not, use a bulleted list.

```
ChatInput-8VNJS → Prompt-CDhMB → OpenAIModel-mXCyV → ChatOutput-Up0tW
```
2. The Chat Input component receives user input in the `add_message` event.
3. The Prompt component is built and executed with the received input in the `end_vertex` event.
4. The Open AI model's responses stream as `token` events.
The `token` event represents individual pieces of text as they're generated by an LLM.
5. The clean `end` event tells you the flow executed with no errors.
If your flow executes with errors, the `error` event handler prints the errors to the playground.

You can also pass values for `start_component_id` and `stop_component_id` in the body of the command to control where the flow run will start and stop.
For example, to stop flow execution at the Open AI model component, run the following command:

```curl
curl -X 'POST' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/build/$FLOW_ID/flow" \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H "x-api-key: $LANGFLOW_API_KEY" \
  -d '{"stop_component_id": "OpenAIModel-Uksag"}'
```

## Flows

Use the `/flows` endpoint to create, read, update, and delete flows.

> ### Create Flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create flow
```

  -d '{
  "name": "string2",
  "description": "string",
  "icon": "string",
  "icon_bg_color": "#FF0000",
  "gradient": "string",
  "data": {},
  "is_component": false,
  "updated_at": "2024-12-30T15:48:01.519Z",
  "webhook": false,
  "endpoint_name": "string",
  "tags": [
    "string"
  ],
  "locked": false,
  "user_id": "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6",
  "folder_id": "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6"
}'
```

   </TabItem>
   <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
{
    "name": "Untitled document (2)",
    "description": "Conversational Cartography Unlocked.",
    "icon": null,
    "icon_bg_color": null,
    "gradient": null,
    "data": {
        "nodes": [],
        "edges": [],
        "viewport": {
            "zoom": 1,
            "x": 0,
            "y": 0
        }
    },
    "is_component": false,
    "updated_at": "2024-12-30T15:48:53+00:00",
    "webhook": false,
    "endpoint_name": null,
    "tags": null,
    "locked": false,
    "id": "91be355a-3cd1-46b2-89c0-6b416391ad95",
    "user_id": "f58396d4-a387-4bb8-b749-f40825c3d9f3",
    "folder_id": "1415de42-8f01-4f36-bf34-539f23e47466"
}
```

   </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Read Flows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Read flows
```

Retrieve a list of flows with pagination support.

<Tabs>
   <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```bash
curl -X 'GET' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/flows/?remove_example_flows=false&components_only=false&get_all=true&header_flows=false&page=1&size=50" \
  -H 'accept: application/json'
```

   </TabItem>

<TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
A JSON object containing a list of flows.
```
   </TabItem>
</Tabs>

To retrieve only the flows from a specific folder, pass `folder_id` in the query string.

<Tabs>
   <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```bash
curl -X 'GET' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/flows/?remove_example_flows=true&components_only=false&get_all=false&folder_id=$FOLDER_ID&header_flows=false&page=1&size=1" \
  -H 'accept: application/json'
```

   </TabItem>

<TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
A JSON object containing a list of flows.
```

   </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Read Flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Read flow
```

Read a specific flow by its ID.

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```bash
curl -X 'GET' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/flows/$FLOW_ID" \
  -H 'accept: application/json'
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```json
{
  "name": "Basic Prompting",
  "description": "Perform basic prompting with an OpenAI model.",
  "icon": "Braces",
  "icon_bg_color": null,
  "gradient": "2",
  "data": {
    "nodes": [

>      ...

Author: I missed the closing brackets, fixed

```

   </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Update flow

Update an existing flow by its ID.

This example changes the value for `endpoint_name` from a random UUID to `my_new_endpoint_name`.

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```bash
curl -X 'PATCH' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/flows/$FLOW_ID" \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "data": {},
  "folder_id": "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6",
  "endpoint_name": "my_new_endpoint_name",
  "locked": true
}'
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```json
{
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "icon": "Braces",
  "icon_bg_color": null,
  "gradient": "2",
  "data": {},
  "is_component": false,
  "updated_at": "2024-12-30T18:30:22+00:00",
  "webhook": false,
  "endpoint_name": "my_new_endpoint_name",
  "tags": null,
  "locked": true,
  "id": "01ce083d-748b-4b8d-97b6-33adbb6a528a",
  "user_id": "f58396d4-a387-4bb8-b749-f40825c3d9f3",
  "folder_id": "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6"
}
```

   </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Delete Flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Delete flow
```

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'POST' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/flows/download/" \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '[
  "e1e40c77-0541-41a9-88ab-ddb3419398b5", "92f9a4c5-cfc8-4656-ae63-1f0881163c28"
]' \
  --output langflow-flows.zip
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
  % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current
                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed
100 76437    0 76353  100    84  4516k   5088 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:-- 4665k
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Read basic examples

Retrieve a list of basic example flows.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'GET' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/flows/basic_examples/" \
  -H 'accept: application/json'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
A list of example flows.
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Monitor

Use the `/monitor` endpoint to monitor and modify messages passed between Langflow components, vertex builds, and transactions.

> ### Get Vertex Builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get Vertex builds
```

> Retrieve Vertex Builds for a specific flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve Vertex builds for a specific flow.
```

```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Delete Vertex Builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Delete Vertex builds
```

> Delete Vertex Builds for a specific flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete Vertex builds for a specific flow.
```

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'DELETE' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/monitor/builds?flow_id=$FLOW_ID" \
  -H 'accept: */*'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
204 No Content
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Get Messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get messages
```

  -H "accept: application/json"
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
[
  {
    "id": "1c1d6134-9b8b-4079-931c-84dcaddf19ba",
    "flow_id": "01ce083d-748b-4b8d-97b6-33adbb6a528a",
    "timestamp": "2024-12-23 19:20:11 UTC",
    "sender": "Machine",
    "sender_name": "AI",
    "session_id": "01ce083d-748b-4b8d-97b6-33adbb6a528a",
    "text": "Hello! It's great to see you here! What exciting project or idea are you thinking about diving into today? Whether it's something fresh and innovative or a classic concept with a twist, I'm here to help you get started! Let's brainstorm together!",
    "files": "[]",
    "edit": false,
    "properties": {
      "text_color": "",
      "background_color": "",
      "edited": false,
      "source": {
        "id": "OpenAIModel-7AjrN",
        "display_name": "OpenAI",
        "source": "gpt-4o-mini"
      },
      "icon": "OpenAI",
      "allow_markdown": false,
      "positive_feedback": null,
      "state": "complete",
      "targets": []
    },
    "category": "message",
    "content_blocks": []
  }
]
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Delete Messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Delete messages
```

```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
[
  {
    "id": "8dd7f064-e63a-4773-b472-ca0475249dfd",
    "flow_id": "01ce083d-748b-4b8d-97b6-33adbb6a528a",
    "timestamp": "2024-12-23 18:49:55 UTC",
    "sender": "User",
    "sender_name": "User",
    "session_id": "different_session_id",
    "text": "message",
    "files": "[]",
    "edit": false,
    "properties": {
      "text_color": "",
      "background_color": "",
      "edited": false,
      "source": {
        "id": null,
        "display_name": null,
        "source": null
      },
      "icon": "",
      "allow_markdown": false,
      "positive_feedback": null,
      "state": "complete",
      "targets": []
    },
    "category": "message",
    "content_blocks": []
  },
]
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Delete Messages by Session

Delete all messages for a specific session.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'DELETE' \
  '$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/monitor/messages/session/different_session_id_2' \
  -H 'accept: */*'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Get Transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get transactions
```

  -H 'accept: application/json'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
{
  "items": [
    {
      "timestamp": "2024-12-23T20:05:01.061Z",
      "vertex_id": "string",
      "target_id": "string",
      "inputs": {},
      "outputs": {},
      "status": "string",
      "error": "string",
      "flow_id": "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6",
      "id": "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6"
    }
  ],
  "total": 0,
  "page": 1,
  "size": 1,
  "pages": 0
}
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Folders

Use the `/folders` endpoint to create, read, update, and delete folders.

Folders store your flows and components.

### Read folders

Get a list of Langflow folders.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'GET' \
  '$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/folders/' \
  -H 'accept: application/json'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
[
  {
    "name": "My Projects",
    "description": "Manage your own projects. Download and upload folders.",
    "id": "1415de42-8f01-4f36-bf34-539f23e47466",
    "parent_id": null
  }
]
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Create Folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create folder
```

Create a new folder.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'POST' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/folders/" \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "name": "new_folder_name",
  "description": "string",
  "components_list": [],
  "flows_list": []
}'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
{
  "name": "new_folder_name",
  "description": "string",
  "id": "b408ddb9-6266-4431-9be8-e04a62758331",
  "parent_id": null
}
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

To add flows and components at folder creation, retrieve the `components_list` and `flows_list` values from the [/api/v1/store/components](#get-all-components) and [/api/v1/flows/read](#read-flows) endpoints and add them to the request body.

> Adding a flow to a folder will move the flow from its previous location, not copy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a flow to a folder moves the flow from its previous location. The flow is not copied.
```

```curl
curl -X 'POST' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/folders/" \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "name": "new_folder_name",
  "description": "string",
  "components_list": [
    "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6"
  ],
  "flows_list": [
    "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6"
  ]
}'
```

> ### Read Folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Read folder
```

Retrieve details of a specific folder.

To find the UUID of your folder, call the [read folders](#read-folders) endpoint.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'GET' \
  '$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/folders/$FOLDER_ID' \
  -H 'accept: application/json'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
[
    {
        "name": "My Projects",
        "description": "Manage your own projects. Download and upload folders.",
        "id": "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6",
        "parent_id": null
    }
]
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Update Folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update folder
```

Update the information of a specific folder with a `PATCH` request.

> Each PATCH request will update the folder with the values you send.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each PATCH request updates the folder with the values you send.
```

Only the fields you include in your request are updated.
If you send the same values multiple times, the update is still processed, even if the values are unchanged.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'PATCH' \
  '$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/folders/b408ddb9-6266-4431-9be8-e04a62758331' \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "parent_id": "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6",
  "components": [
    "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6"
  ],
  "flows": [
    "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6"
  ]
}'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
{
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "id": "b408ddb9-6266-4431-9be8-e04a62758331",
  "parent_id": null
}
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Delete Folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Delete folder
```

Delete a specific folder.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'DELETE' \
  '$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/folders/$FOLDER_ID' \
  -H 'accept: */*'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
204 No Content
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Download Folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Download folder
```

Download all flows from a folder as a zip file.

The `--output` flag is optional.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'GET' \
  '$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/folders/download/b408ddb9-6266-4431-9be8-e04a62758331' \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  --output langflow-folder.zip
```

  </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
The folder contents.
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Upload Folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upload folder
```

Upload a folder to Langflow.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'POST' \
  '$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/folders/upload/' \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: multipart/form-data' \
  -F 'file=@20241230_135006_langflow_flows.zip;type=application/zip'
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
The folder contents are uploaded to Langflow.
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Files

Use the `/files` endpoint to add or delete files between your local machine and Langflow.

> ### Upload File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upload file
```

  -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
  -F "file=@image-file.png"
```

The API returns the image file path in the format `"file_path":"<YOUR-FLOW-ID>/<TIMESTAMP>_<FILE-NAME>"}`.

```json
{"flowId":"a430cc57-06bb-4c11-be39-d3d4de68d2c4","file_path":"a430cc57-06bb-4c11-be39-d3d4de68d2c4/2024-11-27_14-47-50_image-file.png"}
```

2. Post the image file to the **Chat Input** component of a **Basic prompting** flow.
Pass the file path value as an input in the **Tweaks** section of the curl call to Langflow.

```curl
curl -X POST \
    "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/run/a430cc57-06bb-4c11-be39-d3d4de68d2c4?stream=false" \
    -H 'Content-Type: application/json'\
    -d '{
    "output_type": "chat",
    "input_type": "chat",
    "tweaks": {
  "ChatInput-b67sL": {
    "files": "a430cc57-06bb-4c11-be39-d3d4de68d2c4/2024-11-27_14-47-50_image-file.png",
    "input_value": "what do you see?"
  }
}}'
```

Your chatbot describes the image file you sent.

```plain
"text": "This flowchart appears to represent a complex system for processing financial inquiries using various AI agents and tools. Here's a breakdown of its components and how they might work together..."
```

> ### List Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List files
```

List all files associated with a specific flow.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'GET' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/files/list/$FLOW_ID" \
  -H 'accept: application/json'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```json
{
  "files": [
    "2024-12-30_15-19-43_the_oscar_award.csv"
  ]
}
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Download File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Download file
```

Download a specific file for a given flow.

To look up the file name in Langflow, use the `/list` endpoint.

This example downloads the `2024-12-30_15-19-43_the_oscar_award.csv` file from Langflow to a file named `output-file.csv`.

The `--output` flag is optional.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'GET' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/files/download/$FLOW_ID/2024-12-30_15-19-43_the_oscar_award.csv" \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  --output output-file.csv
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
The file contents.
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Download Image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Download image
```

Download an image file for a given flow.

To look up the file name in Langflow, use the `/list` endpoint.

This example downloads the `2024-12-30_15-42-44_image-file.png` file from Langflow to a file named `output-image.png`.

The `--output` flag is optional.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'GET' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/files/images/$FLOW_ID/2024-12-30_15-42-44_image-file.png" \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  --output output-image.png
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
Image file content.
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Delete File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Delete file
```

Delete a specific file from a flow.

This example deletes the `2024-12-30_15-42-44_image-file.png` file from Langflow.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'DELETE' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/files/delete/$FLOW_ID/2024-12-30_15-42-44_image-file.png" \
  -H 'accept: application/json'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
{
  "message": "File 2024-12-30_15-42-44_image-file.png deleted successfully"
}
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Logs

Retrieve logs for your Langflow flow.

> This endpoint requires that log retrieval be enabled in your Langflow application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires log retrieval to be enabled in your Langflow application.
```

To enable log retrieval, include these values in your `.env` file:

```plain
LANGFLOW_ENABLE_LOG_RETRIEVAL=true
LANGFLOW_LOG_RETRIEVER_BUFFER_SIZE=10000
LANGFLOW_LOG_LEVEL=DEBUG
```

For log retrieval to function, `LANGFLOW_LOG_RETRIEVER_BUFFER_SIZE` needs to be greater than 0. The default value is `10000`.

Start Langflow with this `.env`:

```plain
uv run langflow run --env-file .env
```

> ### Stream Logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Stream logs
```

Stream logs in real-time using Server-Sent Events (SSE).

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'GET' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/logs-stream" \
  -H 'accept: text/event-stream'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```plain
keepalive

{"1736355791151": "2025-01-08T12:03:11.151218-0500 DEBUG Building Chat Input\n"}

{"1736355791485": "2025-01-08T12:03:11.485380-0500 DEBUG consumed event add_message-153bcd5d-ef4d-4ece-8cc0-47c6b6a9ef92 (time in queue, 0.0000, client 0.0001)\n"}

{"1736355791499": "2025-01-08T12:03:11.499704-0500 DEBUG consumed event end_vertex-3d7125cd-7b8a-44eb-9113-ed5b785e3cf3 (time in queue, 0.0056, client 0.0047)\n"}

{"1736355791502": "2025-01-08T12:03:11.502510-0500 DEBUG consumed event end-40d0b363-5618-4a23-bbae-487cd0b9594d (time in queue, 0.0001, client 0.0004)\n"}

{"1736355791513": "2025-01-08T12:03:11.513097-0500 DEBUG Logged vertex build: 729ff2f8-6b01-48c8-9ad0-3743c2af9e8a\n"}

{"1736355791834": "2025-01-08T12:03:11.834982-0500 DEBUG Telemetry data sent successfully.\n"}

{"1736355791941": "2025-01-08T12:03:11.941840-0500 DEBUG Telemetry data sent successfully.\n"}

keepalive
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Logs

Reviewer: On line 1294, you have a level 2 heading called "Logs". I realize this one is a level 3 and has different information than the other heading, but it looks like it's a mistake. Can you name this one something else? Maybe "Logs with optional parameters"?

Author: Good call. Updated with more information on the parameters.

  "1736354770544": "2025-01-08T11:46:10.544010-0500 DEBUG Creating starter project Custom Component Generator\n",
  "1736354770555": "2025-01-08T11:46:10.555513-0500 DEBUG Creating starter project Prompt Chaining\n",
  "1736354770588": "2025-01-08T11:46:10.588105-0500 DEBUG Create service ServiceType.CHAT_SERVICE\n",
  "1736354771021": "2025-01-08T11:46:11.021817-0500 DEBUG Telemetry data sent successfully.\n",
  "1736354775619": "2025-01-08T11:46:15.619545-0500 DEBUG Create service ServiceType.STORE_SERVICE\n",
  "1736354775699": "2025-01-08T11:46:15.699661-0500 DEBUG File 046-rocket.svg retrieved successfully from flow /Users/mendon.kissling/Library/Caches/langflow/profile_pictures/Space.\n"
}
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Base

Use the base Langflow API for running your flow and retrieving configuration information.

### Get all components

This operation returns a dictionary of all Langflow components.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'GET' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/all" \
  -H 'accept: application/json'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">
```result
A dictionary of all Langflow components.
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Run Flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run flow
```

Execute a specified flow by ID or name.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

```curl
curl -X 'POST' \
  "$LANGFLOW_URL/api/v1/run/$FLOW_ID?stream=false" \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "input_value": "string",
  "input_type": "chat",
  "output_type": "chat",
  "output_component": "",
  "tweaks": {
    "Component Name": {
      "parameter_name": "value"
    },
    "component_id": {
      "parameter_name": "value"
    },
    "parameter_name": "value"
  },
  "session_id": "string"
}'
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="result" label="Result">

```result
{
  "result": "Flow execution result",
  "session_id": "session_uuid"
}
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Webhook Run Flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Webhook run flow
```
